New and updated docs for HIS Designer for Logic Apps and 3270 Design Tool (#935)
MicrosoftDocs/biztalk-docs: his/core/application-integration-ladesigner-2.md

---

> title: "What is the HIS Designer for Logic Apps | Microsoft Docs"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: What is the HIS Designer for Logic Apps
```

> description: Get started with the HIS Designer for Logic Apps, development tool available for creating mainframe programs and data metadata for Azure Logic Apps  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Create mainframe programs and data metadata for Azure Logic Apps by using the HIS Designer for Logic Apps.
```

> author: haroldcampos

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ms.author: "hcampos"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ms.prod: "host-integration-server"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ms.prod: host-integration-server
```

> ms.service: #Required; use the name-string related to slug in ms.product/ms.service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ms.topic: overview #Required; leave this attribute/value as-is.

Reviewer: I remembered that "overview" only applies to docs in the "Overview" section of the ToC. There should be only 1 "overview" per doc set.

```suggestion
ms.topic: conceptual
```

> ms.date: "10/03/2023"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ms.date: 10/19/2023
```

> #CustomerIntent: As a <type of user>, I want <what?> so that <why?>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#CustomerIntent: As a programmer, I need to create metadata artifacts for use in Azure Logic Apps using the HIS Designer for Logic Apps.
```

---

# What is the HIS Designer for Logic Apps? 

> Learn how to create Mainframe and Midranges metadata artifacts for Azure Logic Apps.

Reviewer: Combine with subsequent intro paragraph:

```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: Delete extra blank line.

```suggestion
```

> ## What is the HIS Designer for Logic Apps

Reviewer: Don't repeat the title.

```suggestion
```

> The Host Integration Server (HIS) Designer for Logic Apps is a tool that works with Microsoft Visual Studio to provide a graphical user interface for creating, viewing, and editing metadata objects that map to Mainframe artifacts. These maps are used by the Azure Logic Apps to mirror programs and data of the Mainframes and Midranges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create mainframe and midrange system metadata artifacts for Azure Logic Apps, you can use the Host Integration Server (HIS) Designer for Logic Apps. This tool works with Microsoft Visual Studio and provides a graphical user interface for you to create, view, and edit to map metadata objects to mainframe artifacts. Azure Logic Apps uses these maps to mirror the programs and data in mainframes and midrange systems.
```
